LOG-IN:

Log-in: enter your current account info and press the log-in button.

New Account: press the new account button if you dont have an account or wish to create a new one.

Exit: press to exit the game.




MENU:

New game: press this if you dont have a character or if you want to add another to your account.
Load: press this to load the current existing character(s).
Delete character: press this to choose to delete the current existing character(s).
High Score: press this to see the global high score.
Exit: press to exit the game.
Log Out: press this to return to LOGIN.




NEW GAME:
Select the character you want to create and
choose a name.
Press done to continue to the game.

Press back to go back to menu.




LOAD:
Select an existing character and
press confirm load to continue to the game
or press cancel to re-select.

Press back to go back to menu.




HIGH SCORE:
Press high to low to sort from higest to lowest scores.
Press low to high to sort from lowest to higest scores.

Press back to go back to menu.




WORLD MAP:
Select something in world map and press city or go to go forth

Press menu to go back to menu.




CITY:
Press heal to get full health points for 50gold.

Press upgrade weapon to upgrade your attack and damage for 150 gold.

Press upgrade armor to upgrade your defense for 150 gold.

Press Back to go to World map.




Adventure:
Press Continue to for next event.
Either a monster, a random event or a trasure will be generated.

Press attack to attack monster
or press secondary to use your secondary attack. The secondary attack has 5 turns of cooldown.

Press run to attempt to run away and return to world map. 
50% chance of success, if failed the monster strikes you.



Characters:

Warrior: The warriors base stats are:
         Attack: 10 Defence: 10 Damage: 8

The secondary attack has a 60% chance to hit and if 
it does the enemy will take half the normal amount of damage 
and be stunned for two turns.

Mage: The mages base stats are:
      Attack: 10 Defence: 6 Damage: 12

The secondary attack has a 50% chance to hit and if
it does the enemy takes double the normal amount of damage
and will take 3 damage each turn for 5 turns.

Rogue: The rogues base stats are:
       Attack: 10 Defence: 7 Damage: 10

The secondary attack doubles your defence for a turn and has a 10% chance to one-shot
the enemy.
 








